Added Bosch InnerSource principles to Known Instances of pattern Expl… (#373)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/1-initial/explicit-innersource-principles.md

## Known Instances

### Europace AG

The InnerSource principles listed in the Solution above are mostly based on Europace's experience. For more details see [Europace InnerSource Prinzipien](https://tech.europace.de/post/europace-inner-source-prinzipien/) (in German).

### Robert Bosch GmbH

Fostering collaboration, learning and innovation is the main focus of the Bosch
InnerSource initiative (BIOS). To that end, they applied the following
principles:

- **Openness**: We lower the barriers for entry into BIOS communities as much as we can.
- **Transparency**: We are radically transparent and share our work products, our communication, and our decision making with all associates in the company.
- **Voluntariness**: The decision to join and contribute to a BIOS community is left to each associate. Associates should work within BIOS because they are intrinsically motivated, not because their manager told them so.

> - **Self-Determination**: BIOS-Communities are free to choose what to work on, when they work and what tools and processes they use to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Self-Determination**: BIOS communities are free to choose what to work on, when they work and what tools and processes they use to work.
```

Using the same spelling as the 1st bullet.

## Known Instances

### Europace AG

> - see also [Europace InnerSource Prinzipien](https://tech.europace.de/post/europace-inner-source-prinzipien/) (German)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InnerSource principles listed in the Solution above are mostly based on Europace's experience. For more details see [Europace InnerSource Prinzipien](https://tech.europace.de/post/europace-inner-source-prinzipien/) (in German).
```

Adding more color to how the pattern relates to Europace.

### Robert Bosch GmbH

Fostering collaboration, learning and innovation is the main focus of the Bosch
InnerSource initiative (BIOS). To that end, they applied the following
principles:

- **Openness**: We lower the barriers for entry into BIOS communities as much
  as we can.
- **Transparency**: We are radically transparent and share our work products,
  our communication, and our decision making with all associates in the company.
- **Voluntariness**: The decision to join and contribute to a BIOS community is
  left to each associate. Associates should work within BIOS because they are
  intrinsically motivated, not because their manager told them so.
- **Self-Determination**: BIOS-Communities are free to choose what to work on,
  when they work and what tools and processes they use to work.
- **Meritocracy**: Power is vested in BIOS project members based ontheir merits,

>   that is, based on the quality and quantity of their contributions.

Reviewer: Could you remove the linebreaks within the bullet points? Otherwise this won't get displayed correctly in the book.

> - **Meritocracy**: Power is vested in BIOS project members based ontheir merits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Meritocracy**: Power is vested in BIOS project members based on their merits,
```

Fixing a typo

> <img alt="BIOS Principles" src="/assets/img/bios-principles.png">

Reviewer: I think you forgot to add this image?

Author: you mean [this one](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourcePatterns/pull/373/files?short_path=85bdd46#diff-85bdd464eed8fcb87e820213a5be534c7299b671cb2b6fbc3d5a43b6c5314af8), @spier  ?

Reviewer: Ah sorry. Not sure how I missed that.
